Rename Asset Hub to Polkadot / Westend Hub (#572)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/smart-contracts/libraries/viem.md

---
title: viem for Polkadot Hub Smart Contracts

> description: viem is a TypeScript library for interacting with Ethereum-compatible chains. This guide covers using viem to deploy and interact with smart contracts on Polkadot Hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This guide covers deploying and interacting with contracts on Polkadot Hub using viem, a TypeScript library for Ethereum-compatible chains.
```

This was too long
